My lips, which I threw in his way, so that he could not escape kissing
them, fixed, fired, and emboldened him: and now, glancing my eyes
towards that part of his dress which covered the essential object of
enjoyment, I plainly discovered the swell and commotion there; and as
I was now too far advanced to stop in so fair a way, and was indeed no
longer able to contain myself, or wait the slower progress of his maiden
bash-fulness (for such it seemed, and really was), I stole my hands upon
his thighs, down one of which I could both see and feel a stiff hard
body, confined by his breeches, that my fingers could discover no end
to. Curious then, and eager to unfold so alarming a mystery, playing,
as it were, with his buttons, which were bursting ripe from the active
force within, those of his waistband and fore-flap flew open at a touch,
when out IT started; and now, disengaged from the shirt, I saw, with
wonder and surprise, what? not the play thing of a boy, not the weapon
of a man, but a Maypole, of so enormous a standard, that had proportions
been observed, it must have belonged to a young giant. Yet I could not,
without pleasure, behold, and even venture to feel, such a length, such
a breadth of animated ivory! perfectly well turned and fashioned, the
proud stiffness of which distented its skin, whose smooth polish and
velvet softness might vie with that of the most delicate of our sex, and
whose exquisite whiteness was not a little set off by a sprout of black
curling hair round the root: through the jetty springs of which the fair
skin shewed as in a fine evening you may have remarked the clear light
through the branchwork of distant trees over-topping the summit of a
hill: then the broad of blueish-casted incarnate of the head, and
blue serpentines of its veins, altogether composed the most striking
assemblage of figure and colours in nature. In short, it stood an object
of terror and delight.

But what was yet more surprising, the owner of this natural curiosity,
through the want of occasions in the strictness of his home breeding,
and the little time he had been in town not having afforded him one; was
hitherto an absolute stranger, in practice at least, to the use of all
that manhood he was so nobly stocked with; and it now fell to my lot to
stand his first trial of it, if I could resolve to run the risks of its
disproportion to that tender part of me, which such an oversized machine
was very fit to lay in ruins.

But it was now of the latest to deliberate, for, by this time, the young
fellow, over heated with the present objects, and too high metled to be
longer curbed in by that modesty and awe which had hitherto restrained
him, ventured, under the stronger impulse, and instructive promptership
of nature alone, to slip his hands, trembling with eager impetuous
desires, under my petticoats; and seeing, I suppose, nothing extremely
severe in my looks, to stop or dash him, he feels out, and seizes,
gently, the center spot of his ardours. Oh then! the fiery touch of
his lingers determines me, and my fears melting away before the glowing
intolerable heat, my thighs disclose of themselves, and yield all
liberty to his hand: and now, a favourable movement giving my petticoats
a toss, the avenue lay too fair, too open to be missed. He is now upon
me: I had placed myself with a jerk under him, as commodious and open as
possible to his attempts, which were untoward enough, for his machine,
meeting with no inlet, bore and battered stiffly against me in random
pushes, now above, now below, now beside his point; till, burning with
impatience from its irritating touches, I guided gently, with my hand,
this furious fescue to where my young novice was now to be taught
his first lesson of pleasure. Thus he nicked, at length, the warm and
insufficient orifice; but he was made to find no breach impracticable,
and mine, though so often entered, was still far from wide enough to
take him easily in.

By my direction, however, the head of his unwieldy machine was so
critically pointed, that, feeling him fore-right against the tender
opening, a favourable motion from me met his timely thrust, by which
the lips of it, strenuously dilated, gave way to his thus assisted
impetuosity, so that we might both feel that he had gained a lodgment.
Pursuing then his point, he soon, by violent, and, to me, most painful
piercing thrusts, wedges himself at length so far in, as to be now
tolerably secure of his entrance: here he stuck, and I now felt such a
mixture of pleasure and pain, as there is no giving a definition of. I
dreaded alike his splitting me farther up, or his withdrawing; I could
not bear either to keep or part with him. The sense of pain, however,
prevailing, from his prodigious size and stiffness, acting upon me
in those continued rapid thrusts, with which he furiously pursued his
penetration, made me cry out gently: "Oh, my dear, you hurt me!" This
was enough to check the tender respectful boy even in his mid-career;
and he immediately drew out the sweet cause of my complaint, whilst his
eyes eloquently expressed, at once, his grief for hurting me, and
his reluctance at dislodging from quarters, of which the warmth and
closeness had given him a gust of pleasure, that he was now desire mad
to satisfy, and yet too much a novice not to be afraid of my withholding
his relief, on account of the pain he had put me to.

But I was, myself, far from being pleased with his having too much
regarded my tender exclaims; for now, more fired with the object before
me, as it still stood with the fiercest erection, unbonneted,
and displayed its broad vermilion head, I first gave the youth a
re-encouraging kiss, which he repaid me with a fervour that seemed at
once to thank me, and bribe my further compliance; and soon replaced
myself in a posture to receive, at all risk, the renewed invasion, which
he did not delay an instant: for, being presently remounted, I once
more felt the smooth hard gristle forcing an entrance, which he achieved
rather easier than before. Pained, however, as I was, with his efforts
of gaining a complete admission, which he was so regardful as to manage
by gentle degrees, I took care not to complain. In the mean time, the
soft strait passage gradually loosens, yields, and, stretched to its
utmost bearing, by the stick, thick, indriven engine, sensible, at once,
to the ravishing pleasure of the feel and the pain of the distension,
let him in about half way, when all the most nervous activity he now
exerted, to further his penetration, gained him not an inch of his
purpose: for, whilst he hesitated there, the crisis of pleasure overtook
him, and the close compressure of the warm surrounding flow drew from
him the ecstatic gush, even before mine was ready to meet it, kept up
by the pain I had endured in the course of the engagement, from the
insufferable size of his weapon, though it was not as yet in above half
its length.

I expected then, but without wishing it, that he would draw, but was
pleasingly disappointed: for he was not to be let off so. The well
breathed youth, hot-mettled, and flush with genial juices, was now
fairly in for making me know my driver. As soon, then, as he had made a
short pause, waking, as it were, out of the trance of pleasure (in which
every sense seemed lost for a while, whilst, with his eyes shut, and
short quick breathings, he had yielded down his maiden tribute), he
still kept his post, yet unsated with enjoyment, and solacing in these
so new delights; till his stiffness, which had scarce perceptibly
remitted, being thoroughly recovered to him, who had not once
unsheathed, he proceeded afresh to cleave and open to himself an entire
entry into me, which was not a little made easy to him by the balsamic
injection, with: which he had just plentifully moistened the whole
internals of the passage. Redoubling, then, the active energy of his
thrusts, favoured by the fervid appetency of my motions, the soft oiled
wards can no longer stand so effectual a picklock, but yield, and open
him an entrance. And now, with conspiring nature, and my industry,
strong to aid him, he pierces, penetrates, and at length, winning his
way inch by inch, gets entirely in, and finally, a home made thrust
sheaths it up to the guard; on the information of which, from the close
jointure of our bodies (insomuch that the hair on both sides perfectly
interweaved and incircled together), the eyes of the transported
youth sparkled with more joyous fires, and all his looks and motions
acknowledged excess of pleasure, which I now began to share, for I felt
him in my very vitals! I was quite sick with delight! stirred beyond
bearing with its furious agitations within me, and gorged and crammed,
even to a surfeit. Thus I lay gasping, panting under him, till his
broken breathings, faultering accents, eyes twinkling with humid fires,
lunges more furious, and an increased stiffness, gave me to hail
the approaches of the second period: it came... and the sweet youth,
overpowered with the ecstasy, died away in my arms, melting a flood
that shot in genial warmth into the innermost recesses of my body; every
conduit of which, dedicated to that pleasure, was on flow to mix with
it. Thus we continued for some instants, lost, breathless, senseless of
every thing, and in every part but those favourite ones of nature,
in which all that we enjoyed of life and sensation was now totally
concentered.

When our mutual trance was a little over, and the young fellow had
withdrawn that delicious stretcher, with which he had most plentifully
drowned all thoughts of revenge, in the sense of actual pleasure, the
widened wounded passage refunded a stream of pearly liquids, which
flowed down my thighs, mixed with streaks of blood, the marks of the
ravage of that monstrous machine of his, which had now triumphed over
a kind of second maidenhead. I stole, however, my handkerchief to those
parts, and wiped them as dry as I could, whilst he was re-adjusting and
buttoning up.

I made him sit down by me, and as he had gathered courage from such
extreme intimacy, he gave me an aftercourse of pleasure, in a natural
burst of tender gratitude and joy, at the new scenes of bliss I had
opened to him: scenes positively new, as he had never before had the
least acquaintance with that mysterious mark, the cloven stamp of female
distinction, though nobody better qualified than he to penetrate into its
deepest recesses, or do it nobler justice. But when, by certain motions,
certain unquietness of his hands, that wandered not without design, I
found he languished for satisfying a curiosity, natural enough, to view
and handle those parts which attract and concenter the warmest force
of imagination, charmed, as I was, to have any occasion of obliging and
humouring his young desires, I suffered him to proceed as he pleased,
without check or control, to the satisfaction of them.

Easily, then, reading in my eyes the full permission of myself to
all his wishes, he scarce pleased himself more than me; when, having
insinuated his hand under my petticoat and shift, he presently removed
those bars to the sight, by slily lifting them upwards, under favour
of a thousand kisses, which he thought, perhaps, necessary to divert my
attention from what he was about. All my drapery being now rolled up to
my waist, I threw myself into such a posture upon the couch, as gave up
to him, in full view, the whole region of delight, and all the luxurious
landscape around it. The transported youth devoured every thing with
his eyes, and tried, with his fingers, to lay more open to his sight
the secrets of that dark and delicious deep: he opens the folding lips,
the softness of which, yielding entry to any thing of a hard body, close
round it, and oppose the sight; and feeling further, meets with, and
wonder at, a soft fleshy excrescence, which, limber and relaxed after
the late enjoyment, now grew, under the touch and examination of
his fiery fingers, more and more stiff and considerable, till the
titillating ardours of that so sensible part made me sigh, as if he had
hurt me; on which he withdrew his curious probing fingers, asking me
pardon, as it were, in a kiss that rather increased the flame there.

Novelty ever makes the strongest impressions, and in pleasures,
especially; no wonder then, that he was swallowed up in raptures of
admiration of things so interesting by their nature, and now seen and
handled for the first time. On my part, I was richly overpaid for the
pleasure I gave him, in that of examining the power of those objects
thus abandoned to him, naked and free to his loosest wish, over the
artless, natural stripling: his eyes streaming fire, his cheeks
glowing with a florid red, his fervid frequent sighs, whilst his hands
convulsively squeezed, opened, pressed together again the lips and
sides of that deep flesh wound, or gently twitched the over-growing
moss; and all proclaimed the excess, the riot of joys, in having his
wantonness thus humoured. But he did not long abuse my patience, for the
objects before him had now put him by all his, and, coming out with
that formidable machine of his, he lets the fury loose, and pointing it
directly to the pouting-lip mouth, that bid him sweet defiance in dumb
shew, squeezes in his head, and, driving with refreshed rage, breaks in,
and plugs up the whole passage of that soft pleasure-conduit pipe, where
he makes all shake again, and put, once more, all within me into such
an uproar, as nothing could still, but a fresh inundation from the
very engine of those flames, as well as from all the springs with which
nature floats that reservoir of joy, when risen to its floodmark.

I was now so bruised, so battered, so spent with this overmatch, that
I could hardly stir, or raise myself, but lay palpitating, till the
ferment of my senses subsiding by degrees, and the hour striking at
which I was obliged to dispatch my young man, I tenderly advised him of
the necessity there was for parting; at which I felt so much displeasure
as he could do, who seemed eagerly disposed to keep the field, and to
enter on a fresh action. But the danger was too great, and after some
hearty kisses of leave, and recommendations of secrecy and discretion,
I forced myself to send him away, not without assurances of seeing him
again, to the same purpose, as soon as possible, and thrust a guinea
into his hands: not more, less, being too flush of money, a suspicion
or discovery might arise from thence; having everything to fear from the
dangerous indiscretion of that age in which young fellows would be too
irresistible, too charming, if we had not that terrible fault to guard
against.

Giddy and intoxicated as I was with such satiating draughts of pleasure,
I still lay on the couch, supinely stretched out, in a delicious languor
diffused over all my limbs, hugging myself for being thus revenged to
my heart's content, and that in a manner so precisely alike, and on
the identical spot in which I had received the supposed injury. No
reflections on the consequences ever once perplexed me, nor did I make
myself one single reproach for having, by this step, completely entered
myself into a profession more decried than disused. I should have held
it ingratitude to the pleasure I had received, to have repented of it;
and since I was now over the bar, I thought, by plunging head and ears
into the stream I was hurried away by, to drown all sense of shame or
reflection.

Whilst I was thus making these laudable dispositions, and whispering
to myself a kind of tacit vow of incontinency, enters Mr. H... The
consciousness of what I had been doing deepened yet the glowing of my
cheeks, flushed with the warmth of the late action, which, joined to
the piquant air of my dishabile, drew from Mr. H.... a compliment on my
looks, which he was proceeding to bask the sincerity of with proofs, and
that with so brisk an action, as made me tremble for fear of a discovery
from the condition those parts were left in from their late severe
handling: the orifice dilated and inflamed, the lips swollen with their
uncommon distension, the ringlets pressed down, crushed and uncurled
with the over flowing moisture that had wet everything round it; in
short, the different feel and state of things would hardly have passed
upon one of Mr. H.....'s nicety and experience unaccounted for but by
the real cause. But here the woman saved me: I pretended a violent
disorder of my head, and a feverish heat, that indisposed me too much to
receive his embraces. He gave in to this, and good naturedly desisted.
Soon after, an old lady coming in made a third, very apropos for the
confusion I was in, and Mr. H...., after bidding me take care of myself,
and recommending me to my repose, left me much at ease and relieved by
his absence.